DOMAPI DHTML LIBRARY
LICENSE AGREEMENT
rev. 04092002-0812

DEFINITIONS

"Library" refers to the complete source code of the DomAPI 
distribution.  Any included graphics or binary executables 
are excluded from this license agreement.

"Company" refers to Nebiru Software Inc. DBA DomAPI, as 
distributors of the Library.

"User" refers to yourself or any individuals in your employ 
who make use of the Library.

"Work that uses the Library" is any plug-in, extension or 
component to the Library that is developed by a third party. 
Plug-ins, extensions and components developed by the Company 
become part of the Library and fall under its definition. 
Plug-ins, extensions and components developed by third 
parties remain the intellectual property of that party. 
Third parties may elect to allow their work to be included 
in the official DomAPI distribution. When this occurs, the 
work remains the property of the original third party and is 
used by the Company under permission.  Such permission 
exists for the lifetime of the Library and cannot be 
repealed.  At no time whatsoever can an included third 
party's license override any portion the DomAPI DHTML Library 
License Agreement. DomAPI reserves the right to remove third 
party works from itself at will.

"Product that uses the Library" is any product that makes use 
of the Library by linking to it, but is itself not a plug-in, 
extension or component to the Library.

"Purpose" of the Library covered under this license is to 
function as a DHTML Application Layer to HTML, XHTML and XML 
based applications.

The intent of this license agreement is to grant the User 
the maximum rights available when using the Library, while 
at the same time maintaining control over the distribution 
and evolution of the Library.  Company seeks in no way to 
limit your rights when using the Library, but only to 
maintain control over its direction.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. You may freely copy and distribute verbatim copies of the 
Library's complete source code as you receive it, to any 
system within your private or public network providing you 
keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and 
to the absence of any warranty; and distribute a copy of 
this License along with the Library.  The terms of 
distribution are as follows:

  a) You may freely make use of the Library on your web 
     sites or on a distributed medium (such as a CD-ROM) to 
     be used solely for Purpose as defined above.
  b) A copy of this license MUST always accompany the 
     library.
  c) ALL copyright notices within the libraries source files 
     MUST BE LEFT INTACT.

2. You may freely modify your copy of the Library or any 
portion of it.  YOU MAY NOT REDISTRIBUTE your modified 
version of the Library, NOR MAKE IT AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOAD 
except for use in your pages and/or application.

3. YOU MAY NOT PRODUCE SPIN-OFFS or a public work based on 
the Libraries source code.  Company is to maintain full 
rights of the core Library.  This constraint does not extend 
to "work that uses the Library", of which you are free to 
develop and distribute as your own work.

4. While you may freely create and distribute a "work that 
uses the Library", you may not under any circumstances 
include any portion of the Library with this work.  Users 
of your "work that uses the Library" must always get the 
official distrubution of the DomAPI library from Company. 
This is done to satisfy sections 1 and 2.  This does apply 
to a "product that uses the Library", the distribution of 
which is covered in section 5.

5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of 
the Library, but is designed to work with the Library by 
being linked with it, is called a "work that uses the 
Library".  Such a work, in isolation, is called a "product 
that uses the Library". You may distribute the Library with a 
"product that uses the Library" so long as you include a 
copy of this license in your electronic materials along 
with the appropriate copyright notices.  Please note that 
section 2 still applies to this distribution, and that the 
copy of the Library you distribute cannot be modified from 
it's original form in any way.

It is not the intent of section 4 and section 5 to contest 
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the 
intent is solely to exercise the right to control the point 
of distribution of the Library.

You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work, 
that the Library is used in it, and that the Library and 
it's use are covered by this License.  You must also supply 
a copy of this License.  If the work during execution 
displays copyright notices, you must include the copyright 
notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference 
directing the user to the copy of this License.

6. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or 
distribute the Library except as expressly provided under 
this License.  Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, 
sublicense, link with, or distribute the Library is void, 
and will automatically terminate your rights under this 
License.  However, parties who have received copies, or 
rights, from you under this License will not have their 
licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full 
compliance.

7. You are not required to accept this License, since you 
have not signed it.  However, nothing else grants you 
permission to modify or distribute the Library or its 
derivative works.  These actions are prohibited by law if 
you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by modifying or 
distributing the Library (or any work based on the Library), 
you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and 
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or 
modifying the Library or works based on it.


NO WARRANTY

8. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS 
NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE 
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY 
"AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE 
OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE 
DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, 
REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

9. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED 
TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY 
WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED 
ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, 
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF 
THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR 
LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE 
LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH 
HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGES.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
